goku: add page (#10741)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/osx/goku.md

# goku

> Manage Karabiner configuration.
> More information: <https://github.com/yqrashawn/GokuRakuJoudo>.

> - Generate `karabiner.json` by using the default configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Generate `karabiner.json` using the default configuration:
```

`goku`

> - Generate `karabiner.json` by using the specific `config.edn` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Generate `karabiner.json` using the specific `config.edn` file:
```

`goku --config {{path/to/config.edn}}`

> - Dry run new configuration into `stdout` instead of updating the `karabiner.json` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Dry run the new configuration into `stdout` instead of updating `karabiner.json`:
```

`goku --dry-run`

> - Dry run the whole configuration into `stdout` instead of updating the `karabiner.json` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Dry run the whole configuration into `stdout` instead of updating `karabiner.json`:

> > A tool to manage Karabiner configuration.
> > More information: <https://github.com/yqrashawn/GokuRakuJoudo>.
> 
> - Generate karabiner.json by using default configuration:
> 
> `goku`
> 
> - Generate karabiner.json by using the specific config.edn:
> 
> `goku --config {{path/to/config.edn}}`
> 
> - Dry run new configuration into stdout instead of updating karabiner.json:
> 
> `goku --dry-run`
> 
> - Dry run whole configuration into stdout instead of updating karabiner.json:
> 
> `goku --dry-run-all`
> 
> - Show help:
> 
> `goku --help`
> 
> - Show version:
> 
> `goku --version`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Manage Karabiner configuration.
> More information: <https://github.com/yqrashawn/GokuRakuJoudo>.

- Generate `karabiner.json` by using the default configuration:

`goku`

- Generate `karabiner.json` by using the specific `config.edn` file:

`goku --config {{path/to/config.edn}}`

- Dry run new configuration into `stdout` instead of updating `karabiner.json`:

`goku --dry-run`

- Dry run the whole configuration into `stdout` instead of updating `karabiner.json`:

`goku --dry-run-all`

- Display help:

`goku --help`

- Display version:

`goku --version`
```
